druid
3, 2, 1, 1, 0, 3
0, 0, 0, 1, 1, 0
1, 1, 0, 1
0, 0, clubs, daggers, darts, javelins, maces, quarterstaffs, scimitars, sickles, slings, spears
Herbalism Kit
2
arcana, animal handling, insight, medicine, nature, perception, religion, survival
Dreams, Land, Moon, Shepard, Spores, Stars, Wildfire
8
**
Druidic, Spellcasting
Wildshape, Druid Circle, Wild Companion (Optional)

Wild Shape Improvement, Ability Score Improvement, Cantrip Versatility (Optional)

Druid Circle Feature

Wild Shape Improvement, Ability Score Improvement, Cantrip Versatility (Optional)

Druid Circle Feature

Ability Score Improvement, Cantrip Versatility (Optional)

Druid Circle Feature

Ability Score Improvement, Cantrip Versatility (Optional)

Timeless Body, Beast Spells
Ability Score Improvement, Cantrip Versatility (Optional)
Archdruid
**
Druidic: You can read, write, and speak a hidden language used by druids. You can automatically spot this language with this ability.
SpellCasting: You can cast Druid Spells on the Druid Chart using the Wisdom Modifier.
WildShape: You can transform into animals with the matching CR rating as stated in the Wild Shape Section. Please refer to that for indepth view in wild shape.
Druid Circle: You gain an archetype for your druid class. This can alter your character when achieving this, and the druid circle features.
Wild Companion (Optional): You gain the ability to cast Find Familiar spell without material exponents at the cost of one your wild shape slots. The familiar disappears after a number of hours equal to half of your druid level.
Wild Shape Improvement: This increases the effect of wild shape as stated in the wild shape section.
Ability Score Improvement: You may upgrade 2 ability scores by 1 up to a max of 20, or take a feat to upgrade your character.
Cantrip Versatility (Optional): You may replace a cantrip within the druid spell list with another one.
Druid Circle Feature: This allows you to increase your archetype, as stated in the archetype section.
Timeless Body: For every 10 years, your body ages 1 year.
Beast Spells: You can cast spells while within your wild shape form.
ArchDruid: You can use your wild shape unlimited amount of times. Additionally: you can ignore verbal, somatic, and material components that lack a cost or consumed by a spell.
**